There's something new on the road.
neighbor of bmw 530 ie9
do not know
the clubs were kicked out
for some it has also reminded others now seems to be ready to give the
boat
important thing was that it imposes
why the factory that is
if they have been thrown on the street
This causes strangeness
the new model of all the luxury items the larger brothers the c3 of class 7 by
example
go for it
the on-board computer of the brand
since then the cost of reducing too much weight
on grass
the new 530 was 75 kilos lighter than the previous generation
result of the use of aluminum from the suspension on part of the body
lots of power
ah are from dirt roads is a comfort show
the video technology with the driver the job of driving for the first time in the
story the car leaves factory with active steering
the car is stationary just turn the wheel slightly the character is a
City
movement is the opposite for a more pronounced curve
it's needed
give several turns on the steering wheel
it is
prevents the car jerked abruptly
by this value speed in other words is more security for the
occupants
if the car started to penalty for now the direction wanted to correct the
trajectory alone
he is great that he would realize the situation
is that the steering system activates the information of the sensors installed in
several points of the car
be in this animation
a car crossing the road with a lorry is normal a slight detour of route
with 1 530 and that this does not happen the sensors send this data to the
board computer that can combine everything and decide what should be done by
fractions of seconds
focus on the landscape tranquility green hill the head forgets a little
technology and thinking about the cost of this car which is in the same
competitors audi a6 4
already test the mercedes team and 320 295 thousand reais for a car that the
cement factory with its business class is not the most
all but it's far from sexy
So
the future he debuted